That woman ran away and left the troublemaking group alone.
I thought it was so good.
I am a good person, you dare to lose to me,
If you lose, will I play with you?
But you are old and don’t have a bit of it,
I just went out to play, and now I was kicked out of my life.
Isn’t there a better solution?
It shouldn't be too far away.
In fact, I'm just pretending that you have something on my mind.
Hurry up and tie up the bone wall and tell me,
I still don’t want to change my mind.
Build a good person, did you know that you, father and son, both have a special person.
Ah, this is the big deal,
Very picky
I don’t cry when I cut official dinner
what can be done
Watch you fuck me and don't come over here
you fucked him
know your business
Kneel down for me now
Ask you to stop serving food